Ms. Rivera: Welcome everyone to today's Ignite session! We're going to kick off our Water curriculum.
Ms. Rivera: Remember, Ignite is all about engineering and solving problems that matter to our community.
Alex Turner: Hi Ms. Rivera! I’m excited to learn how to design a water filter to help reduce pollution.
Jordan Lee: Good morning! I brought some sand and gravel from home to use in our model.
Ms. Rivera: That’s fantastic, Jordan. Let’s use these materials and remember to think about how our design will benefit our local community.
Taylor Kim: I wonder if adding a coffee filter as a first layer would help trap impurities?
Chris Davis: Great idea, Taylor! It might just work like a mini prototype.
Morgan Patel: And what about testing for algae? I read that algae blooms can affect water quality.
Alex Turner: True, Morgan. Our design could also include steps to handle water pollution.
Ms. Rivera: Excellent questions, everyone. Let’s break into groups and start prototyping our water filtration systems.
Jordan Lee: I love how this project combines science, engineering, and community care. It really feels like what Ignite is all about.
Taylor Kim: Plus, thinking about how our work can help improve water quality makes me want to be an engineer even more!
Chris Davis: Agreed! I can already see how the human-centered design process is making a real-world impact.
Morgan Patel: Let’s start building our model now and then share our ideas with the class.
Ms. Rivera: Great work, everyone. Keep focusing on innovation and community—Ignite is just getting started!